hello welcome back so in the last few
years you may have noticed there's been
a rising trend that involves dressing in
very different unique clothing you've
probably seen some of these strangely
dressed characters at one point they
seem to be popping up everywhere now
it's kind of weird kind of cool but
today we are looking at a story of one
girl who was being forced by her
controlling mother to ride this trend
for fame and money
[Music]
[Applause]
why
tell me
[Music]
but she never
but tell me I am fine but the naira
seems whoever let me come inside
[Music]
it's a big fight I want you to show me
love show me
before we begin today's video is
sponsored by expressvpn if you don't
know what a VPN is it's basically like a
private server that all your internet
data goes through so that your
information is kept safe in private
without a VPN on the Internet is kind of
scary for one your internet provider can
see everything you do incognito mode
doesn't stop them they still see your
hentai and you're also at a huge risk
for being hat
anytime you connect to a public Wi-Fi at
a hotel or at a shop
there's a giant risk that someone can
gain access to your device
and get your account passwords your Bank
info it's terrifying but with expressvpn
all your data is encrypted and hidden
you're safe but the main reason I use
Express VPN which is kind of a life hack
oh I use my VPN to get Canadian Netflix
if you guys didn't know Netflix has like
different shows for each country and for
some reason Canada is the best I just
watched the entire Harry Potter series
need i say more find out how you can get
three months free of expressvpn at
expressvpn comm / Prem Inc links in the
description thank you let's start at the
beginning Venus angelic is a girl from
Switzerland who started doing YouTube in
2010 at the age of 13 with the help of
her mother Margaret now she's a little
different from the average youtuber
Venus's whole online personality is that
she's a living doll she looks like a
doll she talks in a very doll like voice
that's that's her whole shtick on her
channel she would make makeup tutorials
on how to look like a doll or she would
review products that make you look like
a dog
she was just being a doll that's it's a
bit straight this whole look comes from
or at least is heavily inspired by a
Japanese fashion trend called
Lolita I believe it's just a Japanese
look of dressing extremely cute in doll
like Venus ended up gaining a lot of
fame for this weird style because she
was one of the few english-speaking
people doing this look at the
she really blew up in 2012 when she made
a video teaching people how to look like
a dog this makeup tutorial explains you
how to imitate the look of a bgb and it
ended up getting 16 million views I
don't know there was a market for how
they look like a dog but you know you
learned something new
after this she blew up massively at only
the age of 15 she became an Internet
star across the web eventually Venus
started appearing on TV shows and in
magazines doing interviews everyone was
just fascinated by why this girl was
choosing to dress this way I want to add
though on the TV shows a lot of the time
the hosts were like insanely rude to
Venus for no reason I have a daughter
too and have to be honest with you
lovely as you are Venus I would be
horrified if my daughter wanted to do
this when she was 15 she's dressing like
a doll and they're acting like she's
selling meth under that dress calm down
Barbara your fake tans orange you have
no room to talk Venus at one point even
got her own doll themed segment of my
strange addictions which resulted in a
pretty great
[Music]
it was looking super bright for Venus
her and her mom as her manager became
this weird success story duo but soon
this cute innocent doll aesthetic began
to crack at Venus's height she was one
of the biggest personalities showing off
this strange lifestyle but she wasn't
the only one there's quite a few other
people in this strange community either
doing the same thing as beetus or
something close to it and slowly one by
one some of these girls started coming
out with shocking stories against venus
and her mother kimonos time was the
first to say something she was a 19 year
old girl in the same realm as Venus and
she came out with a post sharing her
experiences with Venus and her mom in
the post she says one day she found be
mrs. channel and decided to leave a
comment on one of the mrs. videos asking
if she wanted to check out her dancing
moves on her channel which that's kind
of self-promotion and you really
shouldn't be doing that but Komodo finds
out later that Venus had actually
blocked her from her channel because of
this but she says she didn't think
anything of it later the two were both
at a Japanese event and Komodo had saw
Venus and asked her to take a picture
with her - which Komodo says Venus and
her mom gave her a really bad look and
then just walked away while muttering
something in a foreign language the same
exact thing happen again later that
night when a photographer wanted a
picture of the two and once again Venus
and her mom just walked away while
giving bad looks after this happened
kimono ended up sharing the story online
saying she was a little hurt and
confused about the situation
Venus's mom Margaret ended up seeing
this post and she came out with her own
post that was pretty long in kind of
aggressive she called Komodo a dishonest
crook and she said she needed to find a
job and that she was copying Venus and
she needed to leave him alone and she's
like harassing them she says something
like you can still find a job even
though you're missing an eye or
something like it was really weird and
then later Venus also made a post on her
account saying that Komodo was copying
her looks and this all became just a
little scandal now that II that was
definitely strange but it wasn't crazy
but then
another girl comes out the next girl was
she'll I've probably mispronounced every
name in this video so far but I'm not
going back it's too late I'm sorry if I
mispronounced your name I'm really bad
at everything in chios story she says
that she saw Venus was being made fun of
for the way she dressed online which was
happening Venus is like whole career
she's had a ton of hate on her because
like she's dressing weird everyone's
calling her like a weird weeaboo and
stuff
so she'll saw this and she says she
decided to make a video defending Venus
because she felt bad for her the video
has since been deleted and I can't find
it but Venus ended up seeing the video
and actually publicly thanked geo for
the support but there's a twist
she owes video was later striked and
taking down and she finds out it was
actually Venus who did it which was
weird because Venus said she liked it
and she thanked her for it but that
she's removing it she o said she left it
alone because she assumed Venus was just
embarrassed by the video and they were
friends at the time so she just left it
alone a while later she'll says that she
and Venus had made plans to have a
meet-up that was in the works for months
and months but Venus had cancelled last
minute and then blocked shio from her
channel after this she'll assumed this
was not a coincidence and that Venus
actually hated her she ended up hearing
about komono story and retweeted that
original post she made about Venus and
her mom and this is when everything went
crazy suddenly she'll was flooded with
massive amounts of hate dozens of
accounts started popping up with the
sole purpose of harassing she oh they
were all brand new accounts with similar
usernames and had no other posts besides
tweets at she o saying that she copied
Vitas and that she was a bully one of
these accounts actually leaked she owes
personal information this made everyone
speculate that these accounts were made
by either Vitas or her mother which is
later backed up when in one of the
tweets the fake user mentions asking
Venus to unblock some people and later
these people were in fact and blocked
when people started to figure out this
all might be being done by Venus and her
mom they both came out and tried to flip
the script and say Shia was bullying
them Venus was seen messaging people
saying that she Oh was harassing them
and threatening to kill them which never
even happened
Margaret made a few posts denying all
the claims and threatened to sue Co for
slander once again she was calling her a
Fame sucker that was using Venus's fame
for money and attention honestly this
was such a weird time this was like the
war of the cute little doll girls they
all seemed to be cute and innocent on
camera behind the scenes they were all
fighting and gossiping it was a crazy
time even weirder Margaret later posted
a picture of her holding a victim care
card and claimed the police were gonna
take down the hate group against her and
her daughter
which didn't really make sense because
most of the harassment was towards she
oh she's the one that got her
information leaked not Venus now the
shio incident was a lot weirder it began
to see him like Margar and Venus were
trying to destroy their competition
anyone that was doing the same type of
thing as Venus was seen as a copycat in
Venus and her mom would either ignore or
block or ghost them and if any of the
girls came out saying anything about it
Venus and her mom would act like victims
and claim to be a target of some huge
bullying ring made out to get him and
this just kept happening over and over
again there was another girl anastasiya
that basically had the same thing
happened she got called a copycat and a
bully even after appearing in Venus's
videos and seemingly being her friend
this community turned into like some
strange Japanese version of Mean Girls
and Venus and her mother were Regina oh
my god I love your skirt where did you
get it vintage so adorable that is the
ugliest effing skirt I've ever seen
these events are important to the story
because it was both Venus and her mother
engaging in these fights remember that
after all of the scandals and drama died
down Venus and her mom continued on with
YouTube but their name in the community
had become a bit tainted Venus appeared
to be an innocent girl on her videos but
behind the scenes she seemed like an
evil mean girl but this is not the end
of the story a couple
years later things take a very shocking
turn it is now 2015 and Venus is 19
years old still doing the dull thing
with her mother and surprisingly still
being pretty successful but eventually
some weird things begin to happen Venus
had gotten a boyfriend named manicotti
it's as your face
once again probably mispronouncing his
name I'm sorry but I'm gonna stick to it
manic I was from Japan and Venus and her
mom were in South Korea at the time
manic I had started appearing in videos
on Venus's channel it seemed like a
normal relationship but a few months go
by and some weird events occur all of a
sudden manic I stopped appearing in
videos on the channel which caused
people to begin asking where he was
these questions started getting replies
for Margaret and Venus talking a ton of
trash about manicott they both started
saying he was a poor factory worker he
was an alcoholic he was a P and that
Venus broke up with him to find someone
better
what if Margaret Post was very strange
and I kind of liked to read it because
it was it was so weird to me manic I was
telling me he is dreaming of making love
to Venus if she doesn't love him then
I'm beautiful too and that Venus has a
cute round butt and he was looking at
her butt all the time it's on video
obviously there's some broken English
going on but this just sounds so weird
she's complaining that her daughter's
boyfriend was looking at her daughters
but her daughter's 19 like she's an
adult it's weird
it gets even more confusing though when
months later Venus announces that her
Amana Kai were actually still dating but
they were keeping their relationship in
secret to avoid the gossip from people
and now they were in fact getting
married now this didn't really add up
because why would Venus and her mom talk
so much trash about Meraki if she was
still in fact dating him all they had to
tell people was that they just broke up
they ended up getting married but it was
over mail because like I said manic I
lived in Japan and
we're manic I was from you don't have to
actually be in person to get married
apparently so there was no actual
ceremony then later Venus made a
Facebook post saying the marriage
actually didn't go through because one
of the papers was messed up and she now
didn't even want to marry him because
she was just too young it's so confusing
but it will make sense I promise I'm
like a math teacher trying to convince
their students they're not gonna fail
mr. Wallace you still failed me people
all assume that manic I was no longer in
the picture because they're not getting
married
they weren't seen together anymore but
then out of nowhere Venus is back with
manic I on Instagram saying he came from
Japan to visit her again and they seem
to be dating again but soon after this
picture was removed it appeared to be a
very dysfunctional long-distance
relationship that was constantly on and
off but the truth was a lot darker I
really didn't want to make this video
but I feel like he'll basically forcing
me so I'm gonna do everything that's
happened over the years starts to
unravel when Venus posts another picture
on her Instagram with a caption that
said I just wanted to post some pictures
of manic I but my mom keeps deleting
them she says he brainwashes me but I
don't think so this is when it clicks
and people realize Venus isn't in
control
venus is just let all her fans know that
her mother has control of her account
and the simple remark becomes the
catalyst for revealing the truth about
Margaret and Venus's relationship some
investigative fans began to look into
this they started comparing Venus and
Margaret's post and they realized that
Margaret was not only controlling what
Venus posted but they believed she was
also posting as her margaret's English
was a lot more broken the Venus's so if
you looked at the post you could kinda
tell if it was Venus talking or if it
was her mom now this made everyone
questioned everything that's happened
over the years while the concern for
Venus is well being only gril online
Margaret began a war I'm not sure what
triggered this maybe it was all the
comments of concerned fans saying Venus
was under control I don't know maybe
Margaret was scared she was losing
beetus I don't know what started but all
of a sudden margaret started this huge
campaign to try and end Venus and mana
Kai's relationship she started spreading
the narrative that Madoka was an
obsessive stalker who was manipulating
Vitas to leave her she made post calling
him a psychopath and claimed they had to
be careful he wasn't going to stab penis
um keep in mind Venus was still dating
this man at this point the holidays must
be rough in that household one of the
most shocking things that Margaret did
during all this that I found was post a
picture of Venus in bed with a guy on
venus accounts and then told everyone
including manic I that Venus had been
cheating on him now at this point
everyone was just baffled at what they
were seeing this mother was publicly
going after her daughter's relationship
it became clear that Venus was in a very
bad environment and everyone wanted to
get her help
suddenly the Comets were being filled
with people all concerned about her
calling margaret insane and controlling
but luckily Venus did get help the next
update we got was weeks later in a post
from Margaret she tells everyone that
Venus had ran away and she had no clue
where she was or if she was safe and
then even later she tells everyone that
Venus had actually fled the country or
was manipulated into fleeing the country
with manicotti and she was now in Japan
with him Margaret continued the
narrative that manic I basically just
kidnapped Venus and coax her to leave
with him but slowly
Margaret's narrative begins to fall
apart
soon after Venus had left with manic I
Margaret shockingly began to actually
attack Venus which didn't make any sense
to me because for weeks and weeks
margaret was trying to like get manic
away from venus to quote-unquote
protect her from this evil man but in an
instant she flipped the script and now
venus is the bad person in this she
started airing out all of Venus's bad
habits or with dirty secrets or maybe
rumors - all of the fence she says a lot
of things but I think I got the
highlights she
says Venus has an evening disorder Venus
killed our hamster and broke her dog's
leg Venus has Asperger's Venus tried to
bite her finger off Venus self-harmed
and Vitas stole all of her stuff and one
post I saw it Margaret actually alluded
to killing herself telling everyone to
ask any questions because she's going
into the river the things margaret was
saying got so extreme at one point that
dramaalert
actually picked up the story he also
broke her puppy's leg and killed her
hamster
[Music]
I'm not laughing I got a cold
just good guy keen now you may be
wondering where's Venus in all of this
is she safe is she actually in Japan is
the bomb telling the truth we finally
get to hear a Venus aside in a video
venus uploaded to her channel in the
video venus finally opens up about how
her mother had treated her over the
years she says that her mother would
force her to do things career-wise that
she didn't really wanna do which if you
okay Venus's channel there is quite a
few very like weird suggestive things
going on when she was only 13 and
knowing now that margaret was probably
the one directing all this makes it feel
really gross venus then talks about how
her mother was using her fame to set up
GoFundMe for money and she also
confirmed what everyone has speculated
that her mom had been posting on her
accounts as her on my social media in
things which I would never say like
terrible things about monarchy Venus
then tells a story about a knife where
she had a knife and said she's got too
hot purpose she then took the knife and
threw it towards me but it missed and
got stuck in the painting behind me and
that was Venus's reasoning for leaving
the country
she said manic I was helping her
basically escape Margaret
which is probably why Margaret was
trying so hard to break them up but she
got away after Venus's video went up
everyone seemed to finally understand
what was going on through the years it
all made sense Venus was in this
extremely controlling relationship with
her mother Margaret ended up seeing the
video and eventually made her own video
I really didn't want to make this video
but I feel like you're basically forcing
me so I'm gonna do it basically she
denied all the claims and then started
playing the victim in a situation some
familiar after a week of being abused by
them in such ways I was exhausted and in
a desperate situation my only way was
Instagram trying to contact her and to
tell her about her wrongdoings
selfishness unthankfulness which she
replied with video was calling me an
abuser and hocker there's so many
records of Margaret saying disgusting
things about her daughter but in this
video she was playing the role of a
perfect mother which didn't seem right
to me but this appeared to be the end
after these final videos Margaret and
Venus seemed to have cut ties Margaret
would continue to bring up Venus over
the years either talking trash or
they're talking about her but other than
that their connection seemed severed
what started as a mother-daughter
success story turned into something a
lot darker it has been nearly three
years since this all went down in
current time Venus is still in Japan and
she appears to be a lot happier though I
have to be honest she's had a few public
breakdowns that have been documented
over time oh she's opened up a little
bit about suffering through emotional
problems but I'd say overall I think
she's in a lot better place she just
seems to have some lows watching her
channel now feels like you're watching
an actual person with emotions and
problems and she's no longer playing a
character or being a doll I want to end
with Margaret the more I looked into
Margaret the more I solved that she was
clearly one of those parents who were
living vicariously through their kid
it's not hard to find pictures of
Margaret wearing Venus's dresses and
trying to do the doll look just like
Vitas which is actually insanely creepy
I mean she was replying to people as
Vitas i 100% believed she was living her
fantasy life through her daughter which
is why she tried so very hard not to
lose her but in the end
Venus broke free Margaret is still
active online but she seems to have
moved on the last time I found that she
mentioned her daughter was almost a year
ago so maybe this is the end the
sinister twist of the story is that
Venus got her fame by playing a doll
when in reality behind the scenes she
was an actual doll to her mother
[Music]
get it now